New Journey
Here is the center of教學
.
Densok.,
so at Okinawa they 저는
What?
He's been training hard all his life, and he's a man of many people.
This old woman is a bad old woman, isn't she?
That's right.
She's called the old woman of the old man, but the old woman of the old man is more beautiful.
The old man who came to the place where I was talking is the old man of the Sumiya.
Hey, hey, hey!
You're fighting, but what? Are you fighting?
No, I'm not fighting.
In other words, it's a wife-bully.
What? A wife-bully?
Yes.
The old man is a wife-bully.
Oh, that's not true.
That's right.
No, I'm not going.
Are you guys still here listening to me and keeping quiet?
Aren't you going to come in and say hello to anyone?
Get out of there!
Oh, who are you?
Oh, you're the old man of the Sumiya.
Do you know that man, Joruri?
Joruri is a strange man.
He has never seen or heard of any play.
He doesn't know anything about the world.
He just likes to fight.
Oh, that's funny.
He went in.
Hey, I'm sorry.
Yes, come here.
Old man, who are you?
Hey, I'm listening to you on the street.
You can't go in here.
What are you doing?
Don't get in the way.
What?
I'm not going to get in the way of a wife-bully.
I'm your father.
Come here, old man.
No, that's not true.
I'm not going to get in the way.
Come here, old man.
Oh, you're Joruri.
What's Joruri?
You're not going to die if you die?
I don't know.
What's that?
That's the head of the police.
He's talking about Kyoto, not Osaka.
Oh, he's talking about Kyoto in Osaka?
That's a big fight.
I don't know.
Okay, I'm going to get in the way.
I can't just leave him alone.
I've been to Kyoto and talked to him.
What?
And you know the reason?
You're not going to tell me?
Where are you going?
That's funny.
I'm going to go and talk to him.
By the way,
I'm going to talk to him.
Wait, wait, wait.
I don't know if he's going to tell me.
I'm going to go and talk to him.